hello and welcome my name's Ali a tip
another black ops 2 live episode if you
guys stay haven't spawned in this free
force just start under showing you guys
you don't choose a weapon right
beginning just flick through airborne
and have a look at where everyone is so
if I spawn on the other side the map
would be no to get free killing that guy
that wasn't moving and instead of got a
free guy from the guide it was just sort
of staring into space which is funny now
I'm going to play set down there I like
to sort of cover all areas of the map
was clearly a sniper around here
somewhere
thank you very much this is an awesome
building to hold down because you can
literally hold down absolutely everyone
and you can with just three hello-o you
can just do that for
he's also rocking the ballista so he's
given given the old sniping a go now
this room is no longer covered so I want
to make sure that I'm covering it I'm
using the UAV I'm going to try and
follow this guy up it doesn't get
destroyed okay he got killed
I'll sip and get a line of sight and the
guy spawning over there
nope just dude gonna come out no again
he's not going to come out okay another
guy standing still I want to get that
first and stealth top and that is a 10
guns I don't know what this guy's doing
kind of scary actually god no it's not
covered oh yeah I think you went in for
the the old cheeky knife and that's the
only door that wasn't come because I
haven't managed to pick up a scav fat to
cover it if I got a scat pack on it no
I've only got toughness something why I
said virtually as anyone else going to
come through here free fools all that
holding down the right areas on the map
ok I think oh yeah I wanted to get
points from destroying that stuff that's
cool I wouldn't be surprised all
honestly if he spawned back over there
that's what I'm talking about oh let's
go there's a cheeky little shot wasn't
sure that's going to hit and run Steve
it's just going to try and come up I can
hear someone can hear you boy
thank you and that my friend oh gosh
okay these snipers want me that won't
let for dinner you're going to get it
boy
I'm taken oh wow
unlock your boilers - where's a
hitmarker damn it damn it damn it damn
it just as we get the hitmarker I'm
gonna place that over there I mean I got
a chew on the other side of math so
you've got sort of - two helicopters
covering either side of the map damn Van
Damme Hamelin
okay least we know where he is now and
you get some hook to buy my escort drone
all right it's all about getting those
key kills at the start and then just
holding down the right areas of the map
which is really important with him free
fool damn my sniping is off man I want
to get more sniper killers apologize
it's just an easy cop-out way to there's
one guy at least it's a cop-out way to
go oh I got a reaction damn I was fucked
this washes as which is on my screen
I've got behind cover okay he pushed
forward a little bit I think one of the
guys is actually okay one of the stealth
choppers still up someone's someone's
managed to take down the escort escort
drone I believe I think that's the case
I know maybe they're both there but it's
both damaged a little bit ah no we keep
running into the same dude come on we
got this no more stupid shots you
kidding me now's the hit marker does he
know what came from
there's one guy I think the shotgun
actually finished him off and Q is the
same guy again I think you should be
aware V spawn because they literally aah
oh oh oh let's go look that in there
have a surprise no damn it
fortunately didn't pay off where's
everyone out of the around here are they
around here where this fawning at come
out to come out there's one guy in the
sensitivity pooping little higher ticket
out guy actually see if he comes around
- oh they get the kill I literally shot
him and got the hit market just as the
host vibration happen the one that will
happen here what's going to happen are
we going to get the kill and we're not
going to get the kill is it going to
give it to us the whole immigration even
going to work what does life mean what
is the meaning of life are what we got
the hitmarker I think dammit am I going
to go for the sniper shot or now you ran
away fair enough
enjoy this I got killed look at the
other guy think he's gone around outside
yeah he did ah I was going to go around
for a cheeky spinny whinny kill but
unfortunately I get it there's another
guy down let's go let's go let's go then
went on the wrong walk wait nope
have you not thank you
Oh someone come inside you're going to
come through here no I think it's going
upstairs oh it's gone outside or track
them down wow you've got accent oh no
you just ah no come on we still got this
ah no shoot someone here where's the
last one where's the last one for the
final killcam ah damn it could have
almost got a 3-man kill cam there if we
could have got the fire dude unlucky 30
and 9 not too bad hope you guys enjoyed
we did get the streets to begin it was
sort of like a mini deaf freedom
hopefully but I thought we punished the
tritone different the score lines pretty
bad 39 OMC isn't great i could camp for
a better sort of streaks and I could and
use normal guns for better screens but
doors be fun to snipe and can use
different done hopefully you guys
enjoyed unsecured alike and I'll see you
guys from a next episode